data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_Amplitude.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/runEmbeddingSubSampling.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setIfEnabled.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setPrimarySortDirection.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_bkgOscillation.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getSelectedString.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_gap_duration_distribution.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/sf_info.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/.DS_Store.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mexglx.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Bout_aligned_MUA_TO.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/cohgramcpb.m.i
data/Features/cdfscore.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/eg_NewExperiment.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_FIRBandPass.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findListKLDivergences.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mexglx.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/MotionMapper-master/wavelet/morletConjFT.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/GRAVITY/sound_0001_001.mat.i
data/Features/FeatureLabels.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setPopupWithCallback.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/cohmatrixpb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/eg_template_editor.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/returnTemplates.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/minmaxsptimes.m.i
data/Features/specDfELM.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.%b5.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_JesseGSyllsIFRonly.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_QuickTime_animation.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.dll.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.c.i
data/Features/FMELM.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_IFRSmooth1to75.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_IFR.m.i
data/Features/FeatureLabelsNIf.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_AA_daq.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/createdatamatc.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mexw32.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_Preceding_ISI.m.i
data/TestingScripts/load_songs_tot.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Batch_segment.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mininrange.%b5.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/coherencysegc.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod.prefix.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/coherencysegcpb.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/tsne_p_sparse.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mexglx.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_AM.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/cluster_jl_cpp.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mexw64.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/combineCells.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_spikeTrain_crossCorr.m.i
data/Features/FeaturesTesting.m.i
data/TestingScripts/scatter3Dspin.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_AApitch.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_Time.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mexw32.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.dll.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Mark_files_with_song.m.i
data/Features/spectrogramDerivELM.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/TestingScripts/compute_spectrograms.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/specscope/load_scope.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtdspectrumpt.m.i
data/TestingScripts/DropLongGapsNIf.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod2.c.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/jackknife.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.c.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/clarinet.au.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_unselect_cutoff_syllables.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtdspecgrampt.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/staogram.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/yin2.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mininrange.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mexmac.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_FIRBandPass_1_6_Khz.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_JesseG_IFRS.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/dpsschk.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_egSynch.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_Spikes_AA.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/locsmooth.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_BandPass860to8600.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/cohmathelper.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_mnew.mexw64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_Open_Ephys.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Sorted_rasters.m.i
data/TestingScripts/testing3dspin_with_lines.m.i
data/TestingScripts/ProcessNIfSongs.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mwrap.h.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod2.prefix.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/IFR_smooth.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_sonogram_cloner.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.c.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mexw32.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/argmin.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setBackgroundColor.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Syllable_duration_distribution2.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/PCA/find_PCA_projections.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/CHANGES~.i
data/TestingScripts/create_ramp.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/derivative7.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/shuffledMatrix.m.i
data/pathsToData.xlsx.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getSource.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findAllDistances.c.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setLockLimitsToTrigger.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mexglx.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_SonogramOnly.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.dll.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistYLim.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/trigInfoPlotSubOn.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod2.mexmaci64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod.mexmaci64.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_clust.mexw64.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspecgramtrigc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_lowpass_500.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_AveryTestbed.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setTriggerSource.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.prefix.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtfftpt.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.dll.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mex.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.%b5.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Syllable_Features_TO.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/EmilyTesting.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Sort_syllables_TO.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/CrossSpecMatpb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Full_figure_as_in_paper.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.%b5.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtspectrumpb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/saveSortedRastersFunction.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.%b5.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/t_Insights_subsong_V2.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_rhythm_Phasegram_elm.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/segmentation_alignment/segmentImage_combo.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/specscope/specscopepp.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mexw32.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.m.i
data/TestingScripts/create_realtime_ramp.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mexmaci.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mexw64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportInterval.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/PCA/findImageSubsetStatistics.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExcludePartialWindows.m.i
data/TestingScripts/Test.mat.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/cluster_jl_orient.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.prefix.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Edit_defaults.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_rasters.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtspectrumtrigpb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mexw32.i
data/TestingScripts/Test.mat.d
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.%b5 Data/RESOURCE.FRK/MATLAB~1.TDT.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtspectrumpt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_spike_spectrum.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_PitchPitchGoodness.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/padNaN.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/t_Insights_ELM.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Sonogram.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mininrange.c.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findAllDistances.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_JesseGSylls.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/coherencycpb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setStopReference.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setTriggerType.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/CHANGES.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistYUnits.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtdspecgrampb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.c.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mexw32.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mexw32.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterInchesPerSec.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mexw64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.%b5.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/coherencyc_unequal_length_trials.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mexmaci.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getPrimarySortDirection.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/coherencysegpb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mexglx.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egc_Classic_gray.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findKLDivergences.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/PCA/makeMultiComponentPlot_radon_fromVecs.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/tSNE_tots_2D.mat.d
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.c.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtspectrumtrigpt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_HanningHighPassInvert.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/tSNE_tots_2D.mat.i
data/TestingScripts/ProcessAdultSongs_1.m.i
data/Features/amplitudeELM.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtdspecgramc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setEventType.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_clust_orient.mexglx.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Antidromic_browser.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Streaming_Radio.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Gaussian_smooth.m.i
data/TestingScripts/DropLongGaps.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.%b5.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findListDistances.c.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/t_Insights_subsong.asv.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mwrap_check.h.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/returnCorrectSigma_sparse.m.i
data/TestingScripts/LoadingSongs.asv.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_cross_correlation.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_IFR_1_75bandpass.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.c.i
data/TestingScripts/Test2.mat.d
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.%b5.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_HanningHighPass.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_PitchGoodness.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/rmlinesmovingwinc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_rhythm_LoundnessSpectrogram_elm.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mexmaci.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.dll.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.%b5 Data/FINDER.DAT.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Firing_rate.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.prefix.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/coherencycpt.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/rescaleImage.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.%b5.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findListDistances.mexw64.i
data/MotionMapper-master/setRunParameters.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/extractdatac.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findAllImagesInFolders.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.c.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/t_Insights_subsong.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/extractdatapt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterElement.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAPfeatures.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_highpass_500.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mexw64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/nonst_stat.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/MotionMapper-master/findPosturalEigenmodes.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHold.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/quadinv.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/AxelRot.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/Hack_Old_Spectro.asv.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/boxOffset.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/testspectro.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtspecgramtrigpt.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_mnew.cpp.i
data/InsightsReadme.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.%b5 Data/FINDER.DAT.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mexmaci.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/runline.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistROI.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.c.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getExportHeight.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setPrimarySortBy.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.c.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterXLimAuto.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mexw64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/.DS_Store.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/ftestc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getSourceValue.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistCount.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_mnew.mexglx.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/t_Insights.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.%b5.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExcludePartialEvents.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/countsig.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.prefix.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtdspectrumc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Log_Power.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mexmaci64.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/binspikes.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportResolution.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Save_in_AA_format.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mexw64.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/specscope/start_display.m.i
data/TestingScripts/Main_3D_Movie.m.i
data/FeelabCode/updated_specgram_quick.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtspecgrampt.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtfftc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_PitchWeight.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/psth.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/PCA/onlineImagePCA_radon.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/MEMORY.rtf.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mex.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/sf_format.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/cluster_jl.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Sonogram_neural.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mexmaci64.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/cluster_jl_orient_cpp.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_Entropy.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/returnCellLengths.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Complete.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/Features/specDtELM.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findListDistances.mexmaci64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsmooth.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/MotionMapper-master/findProjections.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mexglx.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspectrum_of_spectrumc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/eg_repair_dbase_dir.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Rectify.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/chronux.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_WaveRead.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.%b5.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRadioGroup.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mininrange.mexmaci64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsmooth.c.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mexw64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setWindowLimits.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/isi.m.i
data/TestingScripts/AxelRot.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/cluster_jl_orientT.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/plots/plot_matrix.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.prefix.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_clust.cpp.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/.DS_Store.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/d2p_sparse.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egc_Hot.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/specscope/specscope.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/tSNE_PURPLE_sub.mat.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/cohgramc.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/tSNE_PURPLE_sub.mat.d
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mwrap.h.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.c.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/GRAVITY/sound_0001_001.mat.d
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Sonogram_with_amplitude.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getPopupSelectedString.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mexmac.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/tsne_d.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtpowerandfstatc.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.%b5 Data/FINDER.DAT.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/GRAVITY/fun_gravity.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/sf_cleanup.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.dll.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterTrialOverlap.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Sorted_rasters.fig.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Mark_Unusables.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Unfiltered.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/.gitignore.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportHeightUnits.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getSortedRasterParameters.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterYAxis.m.i
data/TestingScripts/rotate_coordinates.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/runExample_noSubsampling.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/sound_0001_001.mat.d
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/sound_0001_001.mat.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/quadcof.m.i
data/Toolbox/errorpatch.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/pmkmp.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspectrumsegc.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtspecgramtrigpb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_Number.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mexmac.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setAlignment.m.i
data/Toolbox/errorpatch_asym.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_JesseGSpikesTest2.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtfftpb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod.%b5.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/extractdatapb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mexw64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.c.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/Hack_Old_Spectro.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_egStim.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_invert.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mexmac.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspectrumc_unequal_length_trials.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Fricative.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Match_event_selections.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setEventSource.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mexw64.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/gmixPlot.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/cdfscore.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_FM.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod.c.i
data/TestingScripts/testing3dspin.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Syllable_onset_to_onset_dist.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/fitlinesc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egg_AA_segmenter.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.c.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/CrossSpecMatpt.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspecgramc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Mark_files_with_spikes.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/yin.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/GRAVITY/Main_Gravity.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/cohmatrixc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/displaySpecgramQuick.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/coherencypt.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.%b5.i
data/MotionMapper-master/segmentation_alignment/basisImage.tiff.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/INSTALL.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/statistical_tests/two_group_test_coherence.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_cross_correlation.fig.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setFiltering.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_FB_analysis_TO.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_filtered_multiunit_plot.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_AP_width.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/cohgrampt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistogramYLimMode.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/largeBWConnComp.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.%b5 Data/FINDER.DAT.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getRasterXLim.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.dll.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_Preceding_logISI.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/segmentation_alignment/dftregistration.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mexmac.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mex.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/coherencypb.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/findpeaks.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/findTDistributedProjections_fmin.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistShow.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_DA_segmenter.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistSmoothing.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setHistBinSize.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_Spikes.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_clust_orient.cpp.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.dll.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Batch_delete_syllables.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_FIRBandPass2.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtspectrumsegpb.m.i
data/TestingScripts/EmilyTesting.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Label_Playback_elm.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_Fricatives.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/Main_Pitch.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/segmentation_alignment/align_subroutine_parallel_avi.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Sonogram_both_neural.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Stim.m.i
data/Features/spectrogramELM.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportPSTHHeight.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/tSNE_PURPLE.mat.d
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspectrumtrigc.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/plots/plotsig.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/tSNE_PURPLE.mat.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.prefix.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/popupLookup.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterTrialHeight.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/locdetrend.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Loudness.m.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_ISI_distribution.m.i
data/Toolbox/tightfig.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mininrange.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/createdatamatpt.m.i
data/~$pathsToData.xlsx.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/Test.mat.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/getfgrid.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getRasterElement.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/callbackIfEnabled.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/Test.mat.d
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Antidromic_browser2.fig.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Expand_rawVoltage.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.prefix.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_SonoSpikesIFR.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Syllable_Features_to_Excel.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/defaults_emackev_four_chan.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egg_DA_segmenter.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/findAllDistances.mexw64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Antidromic_browser2.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/cohgrampb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Aligned_to_stim_plot.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Current_response.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/getparams.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod_gen.mex.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/findTemplatesFromData.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.dll.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/mtspectrumsegpt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_TopSonogram.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sortedRasterParameters.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.%b5 Data/FINDER.DAT.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/evoked.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_JesseGSpikesTest.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_JesseGSpikes.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/cumnorm_inplace.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Sorted_rasters_elm.fig.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/defaults_emackev.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/coherr.m.i
data/Features/pitchgoodnessELM.m.i
data/TestingScripts/EmilyExploit.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/argmax.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setRasterXLim.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.mexmaci.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getHistOptionDefaults.m.i
data/Features/entropyELM.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/yin.html.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_PitchChose.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsmooth.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/load_open_ephys_data.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_GravityCenter.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod copy.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_JesseAllWithAmp.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/interp_inplace.prefix.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egs_Spectral_derivative.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mwrap.o.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.c.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/rmlinesc.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Multiunit_plot.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsmooth.%b5.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setActiveHistogram.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/defaults_emackev_audio.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/README.md.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/findPointDensity.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rdiff_inplace.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egs_AAquick_sonogram.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_clust.mexglx.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.%b5.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setStartReference.m.i
data/TestingScripts/t_Insights_subsong/GUI_AutoLabel.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/.DS_Store.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_spectromaker_elm.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/README.txt.i
data/MotionMapper-master/runAlignment.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_JGrev.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/eg_NewExperimentAutoELM.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/CrossSpecMatc.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mexglx.i
data/MotionMapper-master/runExample.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mexmaci.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_data_chunk.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/specerr.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/coherencysegcpt.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mex.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_Pulse_amplitude.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod2.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/README.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/cumnorm_inplace.c.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtspecgrampb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/eg_template_editor.fig.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/mtdspectrumpb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/GetSoundAmp.m.i
data/TestingScripts/keep_only_syllables.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mexmaci.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsmooth.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportHistHeight.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_AA_daq_mat.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/fun_gravity.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/minparabolic.mexglx.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mwrap_check.h.i
data/MotionMapper-master/findEmbeddings.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/sampleFromMatrix.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mexw32.i
data/TestingScripts/create_straight_ramp.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/gaussianfilterdata.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mexw32.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getExportWidth.m.i
data/TestingScripts/ClusteringBME.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_FIRBandPass1000to4000.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Sorted_rasters_elm.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rdiff_inplace.mexmac.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/mininrange.mexmac.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_spiketrain_autocorrelation.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Select_syllable_within_bout_TO.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/yink.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/cohmatrixpt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_bpifr.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.mexglx.i
data/MotionMapper-master/run_tSne.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mexmac.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/mtspectrumc.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/check_consistency.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_AddSubtractChannel.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/eg_Get_Defaults.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_ThresholdCrossings.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/cluster_jl_orientT_cpp.m.i
data/Features/FeatureLabelsAdult.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getSecondarySortDirection.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/sf_wave.m.i
data/Toolbox/AxelRot.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/fun_pitch.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_rawVoltage.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/calculateKLCost.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_AA_Segments.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mexmaci.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.%b5 Data/MATLAB PPC MEX-file.tdt.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsum_inplace.mexmaci.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/den_jack.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/compile_mex_files.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/helper/change_row_to_column.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/electro_gui.fig.i
data/MotionMapper-master/findWavelets.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/statistical_tests/two_group_test_spectrum.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/findRadonPixels.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/cohgramcpt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportWidth.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/plots/plot_vector.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setSecondarySortDirection.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/parameters.txt.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/minparabolic.mexmaci64.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/GRAVITY/MEMORY.rtf.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Batch_event_detect.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Sound_Autocorrelation_elm.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod2.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setSecondarySortBy.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod2.%b5.i
data/MotionMapper-master/segmentation_alignment/alignImages_Radon_parallel_avi.m.i
data/Features/AMELM.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/segmentation_alignment/alignTwoImages.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsum_inplace.mexmaci64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Antidromic_browser.fig.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setPrimarySortGroupLabels.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod.mexmaci64.i
data/Features/SAPfeatures.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportWidthUnits.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_Neural_activity.m.i
data/TestingScripts/ProcessAdultSongs.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/coherencyc.m.i
data/Community_BGLL_Matlab/jl_clust_orient.mexw64.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setExportHeight.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/specscope/rtf.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_SAP_Pitch.m.i
data/TestingScripts/cluster_dp.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_FIRBandPass_1_4_Khz.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egg_DA_segmenter_old.m.i
data/TestingScripts/LoadingSongs.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/t_sne/file_embeddingSubSampling.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egl_Surgery_Rig_daq.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_lesion.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/utilities/autoFindThreshold_gmm.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ege_Pulse_trains.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointtimes/coherencysegpt.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egt_JesseInspiron.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/getTrialHeight.m.i
data/TestingScripts/Test2.mat.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/hybrid/sta.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setFileRange.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/continuous/spsvd.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_figuremaker_elm.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mwrap.o.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mex.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/dftoperiod.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/testyin.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/interp_inplace.%b5.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/rsmooth.prefix.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/rsmooth.mexmac.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setSkipSorting.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Tots_SAPfeatures.m.i
data/MotionMapper-master/wavelet/fastWavelet_morlet_convolution_parallel.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/sorted_raster/setSourceOption.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/dbaseEventNames.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/src/mininrange.%b5 Data/CW Settings.stg.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/electro_gui.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.%b5.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/pointbinned/createdatamatpb.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egf_Smooth.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Color_by_duration.m.i
data/Chronux/spectral_analysis/plots/plotsigdiff.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/egm_Syllable_duration_distribution.m.i
data/FeelabCode/electro_gui/ega_AP_amplitude.m.i
data/TestingScripts/scatter3Dspin_with_lines.m.i
data/TestingScripts/recurrent_tSNE_3D.m.i
data/TestingScripts/some_feature_functions/PITCH/private/dftoperiod2.prefix.i
